docs: added summary section to contributing docs (#573)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-typescript: CONTRIBUTING.md

Contributions via pull requests are much appreciated.

> ### TL;DR;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Summary
```

TLDR gives me the feeling that I don't have to read this. But it's still important to read through at some point.

* This project uses `node@14.x` and `npm@8.x` for development (see [Setup](#setup))

> * Before opening a PR, find an existing issue or open a new one to discuss the proposed change (we would hate it for you to have to waste time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before opening a PR, find an existing issue or open a new one to discuss the proposed change. PR without an issue or discussion has high risk of being rejected. We don't want to you to waste time. And it is very uncomfortable for us to reject a PR
```

Not sure if it's too long?

> * Before opening a PR, find an existing issue or open a new one to discuss the proposed change. PR without an issue or discussion has high risk of being rejected. We don't want to you to waste time. And it is very uncomfortable for us to reject a PR

Reviewer 2: Suggestion(minor): different phrasing. 

```suggestion
* Before opening a Pull Request, please find the existing related issue or open a new one to discuss the proposed change. A PR without a related issue or discussion has an high risk of being rejected. We are very appreciative and thankful for your time and efforts and we want to make sure they are not wasted.
```
